1. Write a program in C to input a string and print it.


2. Write a program in C to find the length of a string without using library functions.


3. Write a program in C to separate individual characters from a string.


4. Write a program in C to print individual characters of a string in reverse order.


5. Write a program in C to count the total number of words in a string.


6. Write a program in C to compare two strings without using string library functions.



7. Write a program in C to count the total number of alphabets, digits and special characters in a string.


8. Write a program in C to copy one string to another string.


9. Write a program in C to count the total number of vowels or consonants in a string.


10. Write a program in C to find the maximum number of characters in a string.


11. Write a C program to sort a string array in ascending order.


12. Write a program in C to read a string from the keyboard and sort it using bubble sort.


13. Write a program in C to extract a substring from a given string.


14. Write a C program to check whether a substring is present in a string.


15. Write a program in C to read a sentence and replace lowercase characters with uppercase and vice versa.


16. Write a program in C to find the number of times a given word 'the' appears in the given string.

17. Write a program in C to remove characters from a string except alphabets.

18. Write a program in C to find the frequency of characters.

19. Write a program in C to combine two strings manually.

20. Write a program in C to find the largest and smallest words in a string.

21. Write a program in C to convert a string to uppercase.

22. Write a program in C to convert a string to lowercase.

23. Write a program in C to check whether a character is a Hexadecimal Digit or not.

24. Write a program in C to check whether a letter is uppercase or not.

25. Write a program in C to replace the spaces in a string with a specific character.

26. Write a program in C to count the number of punctuation characters present in a string.

27. Write a program in C to print only the string before the new line character.

28. Write a program in C to check whether a letter is lowercase or not.

29. Write a program in C to read a file and remove the spaces between two words of its content.

30. Write a program in C to check whether a character is a digit or not.

31. Write a program in C to split strings by space into words.

32. Write a C program to find the repeated character in a string.

33. Write a C program to count each character in a given string.

34. Write a C program to convert vowels into uppercase characters in a string.

35. Write a C program to find the length of the longest substring of a given string without repeating characters.

36. A given string contains the bracket characters '(', ')', '{', '}', '<', ‘>', '[' and ']', Write a C program to check if the string is valid or not. The input string will be valid when open brackets and closed brackets are same type of brackets.

37. Write a C program to multiply two positive numbers as strings. Return a string representation of the product.

38. Write a C program to reverse all the vowels present in a given string. Return the newly created string.

39. Write a C program to find the longest palindromic substring from a given string. Return the substring.

40. Write a C program to replace each lowercase letter with the same uppercase letter of a given string. Return the newly created string.

41. Write a C program to calculate the length of the longest common subsequence of two given strings. The strings consist of alphabetical characters.